itemFile: mssql_0.1.item, name: mssql
tableName: allcol_tbl, tableType: TABLE, schemaName: dbo
columnName: col1, type: INT, length: 10, nullable: false
columnName: col2, type: BIT, length: 1, nullable: true
columnName: col3, type: DECIMAL, length: 18, nullable: true
columnName: col4, type: MONEY, length: 19, nullable: true
columnName: col5, type: NUMERIC, length: 18, nullable: true
columnName: col6, type: SMALLINT, length: 5, nullable: true
columnName: col7, type: TINYINT, length: 3, nullable: true
columnName: col8, type: FLOAT, length: 53, nullable: true
columnName: col9, type: REAL, length: 24, nullable: true
columnName: col10, type: DATE, length: 10, nullable: true
columnName: col11, type: DATETIME2, length: 27, nullable: true
columnName: col12, type: DATETIME, length: 23, nullable: true
columnName: col13, type: DATETIMEOFFSET, length: 34, nullable: true
columnName: col14, type: SMALLDATETIME, length: 16, nullable: true
columnName: col15, type: TIME, length: 16, nullable: true
columnName: col16, type: CHAR, length: 1, nullable: true
columnName: col17, type: TEXT, length: 2147483647, nullable: true
columnName: col18, type: VARCHAR, length: 1, nullable: true
columnName: col19, type: NCHAR, length: 1, nullable: true
columnName: col20, type: NVARCHAR, length: 1, nullable: true
